As an IT admin, you can configure Samsung Account for Business and Galaxy AI features through the Knox Service Plugin.
On your Knox Manage console, go to the Profiles page, then click Add.
Give your profile a name, select Android Enterprise, ensure Samsung Knox is also selected, then click Save & Set Policy.
Under the Samsung Knox policies, go to Knox-Service-Plugin.
If your fleet consists of company-owned devices, either fully managed or configured with a work profile,
go to Device-wide policies, then set Enable device policy controls to True.
If your fleet consists of personally-owned devices configured with a work profile,
go to Work-profile policies, then set Enable work profile policies to True.
Regardless of your device deployment type, the policies for enabling Samsung Account for Business remain the same.
Under Device Account Policy, set Enable Device Account Policy controls to True,
then in the Samsung Account configuration field, enable Samsung Account for Business.
As an enterprise IT admin, you may want to block users from accessing certain Galaxy AI features
if they can potentially impact your business.
For example, you may want to block Photo Assist
if you want to prevent users from using AI to alter photos taken for work purposes.
To block AI features on company-owned devices,
open the Advanced Restriction policies under Device-wide policies.
By default, your devices will have all Galaxy AI features enabled.
If you want to block all AI features, set Block all Galaxy AI to True.
If you want to manually block specific AI features, set Block all Galaxy AI to False,
then in the Block individual Galaxy AI operations drop-down list,
only select the Galaxy AI features that you want to block.
If your fleet consists of personally-owned devices configured with a work profile,
you can find the same settings under Work profile policies.
Once you configure your Knox Service Plugin policies, click Save & Assign.
On the next page, select the device group that you want to apply this profile to, then click Assign & push.
Once the devices receive the updated policies,
your end users will be able to sign into their Samsung business account,
and use any Galaxy AI features you gave them access to.
Now that you know how to configure Samsung account for business and Galaxy AI apps,
see the 2nd video in the series to learn how end users can sign in and use these apps on their device.
To get help at any time, see our documentation at docs.samsungknox.com. Thanks for watching!